[MEOW]
Banner: FINALLY!
I AM FREE!
OH!
[MEOW]
OH, COME ON!
CHECK THIS OUT!
POLYMERIZATION!
NOW GIVE IT UP FOR
MY SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
NOW FINISH HIM OFF
WITH SOLAR FLARE!
UHH!
THAT'S GAME!
GOOD SHOW.
YOU'D BE THE ACADEMY'S
TOP PUPIL
IF YOU ACTUALLY
ATTENDED CLASS.
WHO NEEDS CLASS?
ALL I'M SAYING IS...
GOOD GRADES HELP.
YOU DO HOPE TO BE
A PROFESSIONAL SOME DAY,
DON'T YOU?
WELL, OF COURSE.
THE PROBLEM IS...
I'VE ALREADY BEATEN
ALMOST EVERYONE
THERE IS TO BEAT,
SO I DON'T
NEED GRADES.
WHAT I NEED
IS A CHALLENGE!
THEN I'LL BE READY
TO DUEL WITH THE PROS.
YA KNOW, LIKE ZANE.
Syrus: HEY! JADEN!
THEY JUST ANNOUNCED IT
ON THE NEWS!
[GRUNTING]
GUESS WHO'S
DUELING TOMORROW!
UHH, ZANE?
HEY, WAY TO RUIN
MY SURPRISE!
SORRY.
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
BUT YOU'LL
NEVER GUESS WHO HE'S
GOING UP AGAINST!
ASTER PHOENIX?
NO FAIR!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
ZANE'S DUELING
ASTER PHOENIX?!
Chazz: PLEASE!
DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE
WORRIED ASTER'S GONNA WIN.
COME ON,
GIMME A BREAK!
THAT OVERRATED PUNK
COULDN'T EVEN
BEAT JADEN!
[THINKING]
BUT WHEN I DUELED
AGAINST ASTER,
HE DIDN'T USE
HIS REAL DECK!
HE JUST SLAPPED TOGETHER
A BUNCH 'A RANDOM CARDS
RIGHT BEFORE WE THREW DOWN.
YOU'RE NOT WORRIED,
ARE YOU?
UHHH, NO WAY!
ZANE'LL WIN.
NEED I REMIND YOU...
ASTER HAS YET TO REVEAL
THE POWER OF HIS TRUE DECK.
FOR ALL WE CAN FATHOM...
ZANE IS ABOUT TO EMBARK
ON THE GREATEST CHALLENGE
OF HIS CAREER.
Bonaparte: LISTEN TO ME,
S'IL VOUS PLAIT!
WE CAN'T WAIT
UNTIL NEXT YEAR!
WE NEED ASTER
TOUT SUITE!
OUR FUTURE
DEPENDS ON IT!
WE'LL PAY ANYTHING
YOU WANT FOR HIM!
BONAPARTE!
DON'T YOU THINK
YOU'RE BEING
A BIT TOO HASTY?!
QUIET! YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE
TO MAKE SOMETHING
OUT OF THIS SCHOOL!
NOW LEAVE IT TO SOMEONE
WITH A BRAIN...
NOT TO MENTION
WAY MORE SAVOIR-FAIRE.
OH!
NO, I WAS JUST TALKING
TO MY SECRETARY.
YOUR SECRETARY?!
IN YOUR DREAMS!
WILL YOU CLAM UP!
THE WHOLE SCHOOL
IS GOING DOWN THE TOILETTE!
AND YOU!
YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THIS MESS!
LUCKILY I'M HERE
TO CLEAN IT UP!
NOW TAKE YOUR
PONYTAIL-WEARING,
CHEAP SUIT-BUYING
DERRIERE OUTTA HERE!
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
BUT THAT REALLY HURT.
I HOPE YOU'RE READY
FOR TOMORROW.
AS OUR NEWEST SPOKESMAN,
WE EXPECT A VICTORY.
DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?
OUR COMPANY'S INVESTED
QUITE A BIT OF MONEY
INTO YOU, MR. TRUESDALE.
YOU CAN COUNT ON ME.
I NEVER LOSE.
CARE FOR A RIDE?
THANK YOU.
BUT I LIKE TO WALK,
'SPECIALLY BEFORE
A BIG MATCH.
BE CAREFUL.
CAREFUL? WHY?
DON'T YOU READ
THE PAPER, KID?
THERE'S SOME SORT OF
DEMON ON THE LOOSE.
DEMON?
GIMME A BREAK.
DON'T FORGET.
WE WANT A VICTORY.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
[THINKING]
I HAVE BIGGER THINGS
TO WORRY ABOUT
THAN A FIGMENT
OF SOMEONE'S IMAGINATION.
Man: AAH! HELP ME!
YOU CAN'T HIDE
FROM DESTINY.
[CHUCKLING]
YOU ALL RIGHT?!
THAT THING!
IT WASN'T HUMAN!
UHH!
HUH?
MR. TRUESDALE!
ARE YOU OK, SIR?!
I'M FINE.
WHAT IN THE WORLD
COULD HAVE DONE THIS TO HIM?
A DEMON.
WELCOME BACK.
I TRUST YOUR EVENING
WAS FRUITFUL?
YOU COULD SAY THAT.
SO WHAT'S UP?
I WISH YOU'D SPEND
LESS TIME ON
YOUR JUVENILE GAMES
AND MORE TIME PREPARING
FOR YOUR DUELS.
YOU'RE ON THE HEELS OF
THE GREATEST CHALLENGE
OF YOUR LIFE.
PLEASE.
YOU KNOW I'LL WIN!
YES, THE CARDS
DO PREDICT VICTORY...
HOWEVER, ZANE
IS MERELY ONE STEP
TOWARDS
YOUR TRUE DESTINY.
ANY CHANCE
YOU'RE GONNA TELL ME
WHAT MY "DESTINY"
MIGHT BE?
NO...BUT YOU SHALL
FIND OUT IN DUE TIME.
AND UNTIL THEN YOU MUST PUT
YOUR COMPLETE FAITH IN ME.
WHAT ABOUT JADEN?
I THREW THAT MATCH
FOR YOU!
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW EMBARRASSING
THAT WAS?!
I'VE GOT MY CAREER
TO THINK ABOUT, YA KNOW!
IT'S BAD ENOUGH
YOU HAD ME ENROLL
IN THAT LAME SCHOOL,
BUT INSISTING I LOSE
TO THAT JADEN KID?
IT WAS THE ONLY WAY
TO TEST HIM.
HE HAS MORE ABILITY
THAN YOU KNOW.
BUT HE'S NOT
EVEN A PRO!
[CHUCKLING]
OFTENTIMES
THE GREATEST POWER
CAN BE FOUND IN THE MOST
UNLIKELY OF PLACES.
NOW THEN...
AFTER YOUR MATCH WITH ZANE,
YOU WILL RETURN
TO DUEL ACADEMY,
WHERE YOU WILL CHALLENGE
JADEN YUKI TO ANOTHER DUEL.
ALL RIGHT.
BUT DO I GET TO WIN
THIS TIME?
OF COURSE.
BUT FIRST THING'S FIRST.
YOUR PUBLIC AWAITS.
YEAH, GOOD POINT.
I'VE GOT A BIG NIGHT
AHEAD.
AFTER ALL...
IT'S THE NIGHT
I REVEAL MY NEW DECK!
[SHOUTING]
Alexis: I CAN'T BELIEVE
CROWLER SPRUNG FOR CABLE!
Announcer: GOOD EVENING,
DUELING FANS!
WE ARE COMING TO YOU LIVE
FROM THE KAIBA DOME!
Second announcer:
THAT'S RIGHT, GENE,
AND THIS CAPACITY CROWD
IS SPLIT RIGHT DOWN
THE MIDDLE!
IT'S THE ZANE-I-ACS
VERSUS THE ASTER
PHOEN-ATICS!
AND THE GAME
IS UNDERWAY!
[CHEERING]
MARRY ME, ZANE!
WHAT DOES HE GOT
THAT I HAVEN'T GOT?!
HA HA HA HA!
A CAREER....
PERSONALITY...
OH, AND
A GOOD-LOOKING
LITTLE BROTHER!
HE'S SUCH A HOTTIE!
LOOKS LIKE ZANE
ISN'T THE ONLY
LADY-KILLER!
[MUTTERING]
TONIGHT'S BIG MYSTERY:
WHAT'S IN ASTER'S DECK?
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT, GENE!
I'VE HEARD A LOT
ABOUT YOU.
30 PROFESSIONAL DUELS
AND NOT A SINGLE DEFEAT?
THAT'S NOT TOO SHABBY
FOR A LITTLE KID!
YOU'RE TOO KIND.
THANKS, GRAMPS.
LET'S DO THIS.
Together: BRING IT ON!
ALL RIGHT,
BEAUTY BEFORE AGE!
HA!
[THINKING]
TIME TO CHECK OUT
ASTER'S REAL DECK!
I THINK I'LL START
BY SUMMONING...
THIS GUY!
[GASPING]
HOLD ON! THAT'S MINE!
GO, ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN!
NO WAY!
A DECK OF HEROES?
EXACTLY!
JUST LIKE YOUR OLD
ACADEMY CHUM JADEN!
LIKE MY SURPRISE?!
COME ON, BRO!
THAT'S NOT COOL!
SHOW SOME ORIGINALITY!
AND NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
A COUPLE OF FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
Gene: A SOLID OPENING MOVE
BY ASTER PHOENIX!
I HAVE TO AGREE, GENE!
PLUS A SNEAK PEEK
INTO THAT NEW
MYSTERY DECK OF HIS!
[CROWD MURMURING]
CHECK IT OUT!
HE'S SMILING!
WOULDN'T YOU BE?
ZANE HAS THE ADVANTAGE.
REMEMBER, HE'S ALREADY
DUELED AGAINST
JADEN'S DECK.
AND HE ALREADY KNOWS
HOW TO DEFEAT IT,
IF IT'S JUST LIKE
JADEN'S, THAT IS.
HEY, ASTER!
CHECK THIS OUT!
I PLAY CYBER DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
[ROARING]
I'M ALLOWED
TO SUMMON HIM...
WHEN ALL OF
THE MONSTERS IN PLAY
ARE ON YOUR SIDE!
A LITTLE TRICK
I PICKED UP
AT THE ACADEMY.
ALL RIGHT,
CYBER DRAGON,
ATTACK WITH
STRIDENT BLAST!
[ROARING]
YOU JUST TRIGGERED
MY DRAINING SHIELD
TRAP CARD!
ISN'T THAT SPECIAL!
BUT NOT ONLY DID IT BLOCK
YOUR DRAGON'S ATTACK,
IT RAISES MY LIFE POINTS
BY THE AMOUNT OF
ITS ATTACK POINTS!
NICE MOVE,
BUT HERE'S A BETTER ONE!
IT'S A SPELL CARD,
AND IT'S CALLED
TRAP BOOSTER!
SO THAT MEANS...
AFTER I DITCH A CARD,
I CAN PLAY A TRAP CARD
FROM MY HAND!
I CHOOSE
MY TRAP JAMMER,
AND IT CANCELS OUT
YOUR TRAP CARD, JUNIOR.
THAT'S YOUR MOVE?
COME ON, ZANEY!
DON'T YOU REALIZE...
A CARD LIKE THAT
IS A DIME A DOZEN!
I HAVE MY OWN
TRAP JAMMER,
AND IT CANCELS OUT
ALL YOUR HARD WORK.
HMM.
WHAT AN EVEN MATCH!
THEY'RE NECK
AND NECK!
NOW THIS
IS WHAT I
CALL COMBAT!
I WONDER WHAT ELSE ASTER
HAS IN HIS DECK.
Gene: YOU CAN
SMELL THE TENSION
IN THE AIR, FOLKS!
Second announcer:
ACTUALLY, UH,
THAT WAS ME.
UH, WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK
AFTER THIS!
AND WE'RE BACK!
LEMME TELL YA, GENE,
I HAVEN'T SEEN TWO PROS
GO AT IT LIKE THIS
SINCE KAIBA AND YUGI!
ALL RIGHT, ZANE.
GET THIS!
I PLAY POT OF GREED,
WHICH I'M SURE YOU KNOW
LETS ME ADD A COUPLE MORE
CARDS TO MY HAND!
THEN I'LL KICK IT
POLYMERIZATION STYLE!
I'LL BE FUSIN' MY AVIAN
ON THE FIELD
WITH THE BURSTINATRIX
IN MY HAND.
SO GIVE A BIG
KAIBA DOME WELCOME
TO ELEMENTAL HERO
PHOENIX ENFORCER!
Syrus:
ELEMENTAL WHO?!
BUT ASTER FUSED AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX!
UH, HELLO!
WHERE'S GOOD
OL' FLAME WINGMAN?!
SOMEBODY TELL HIM.
TELL ME WHAT?
IT'S SIMPLE, SYRUS.
WHENEVER YOU FUSE
ELEMENTAL HEROES,
YOU HAVE A CHOICE
OF WHAT HIGH-LEVEL MONSTER
THEY COMBINE TO CREATE.
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND EACH MONSTER
HAS DIFFERENT POWERS!
Syrus: OH, SO WHEN
JADEN FUSES THOSE
TWO HEROES,
HE CAN DECIDE
TO FORM FLAME WINGMAN
OR PHOENIX ENFORCER!
WAIT, I CAN?!
WHOA, WHO KNEW?
UHH!
WOW! YOU'RE DUMBER
THAN I THOUGHT,
AND THAT'S SAYING A LOT!
WHAT DO YA KNOW?
MY DECK HAS A NEW TRICK!
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL
ME ABOUT THIS BEFORE?!
HOW DID THIS SPAZZ
EVER BEAT ME?!
PRETTY RAD OUTFIT,
DON'T YA THINK, ZANEY?
NOW CHECK OUT
ITS ATTACK!
GO, PHOENIX PHLAME!
BUT THEY GOT
THE SAME STRENGTH!
IT'S A WASH!
NOT QUITE.
[GRUNTING]
GUESS I FORGOT TO MENTION
PHOENIX ENFORCER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
HE CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE!
OH, WELL.
I'LL THROW THIS DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
ALL RIGHT, KID.
SETTLE DOWN.
WELL, WHAT DO YA
KNOW, ASTER.
POT OF GREED!
I'LL DRAW TWO...
AND THEN PLAY
AN OLD FAVORITE--
THE SPELL CARD
POWER BOND!
WICKED!
AWESOME!
THAT'S THE BEST CARD
HE'S GOT!
LISTEN UP,
'CAUSE ZANE'S
ABOUT TO WIN.
I'LL SEND TWO MACHINES
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
A WHOLE NEW MACHINE.
SO MEET
MY CYBER TWIN DRAGON!
[ROARING]
BUT MY POWER BOND'S
NOT DONE JUST YET!
NEXT, IT DOUBLES
MY TWIN DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW,
CYBER TWIN DRAGON,
ATTACK HIS
PHOENIX ENFORCER!
UHH!
GUESS WHAT?
I HAVE ONE MORE
SURPRISE FOR YOU.
IT CAN ATTACK AGAIN!
JUST LIKE I THOUGHT.
ASTER'S GONNA LOSE!
Gene: GOOD NIGHT, IRENE!
THIS DUEL IS OVER!
[CROWD CHEERING]
UNBELIEVABLE, GENE!
HE'S STILL STANDING!
YOU'RE RIGHT!
IT LOOKS TO ME
LIKE ASTER SURVIVED!
BUT HOW? I WON!
'FRAID NOT!
YA EVER HEAR
THE EXPRESSION...
"THE DUEL MONSTERS CARD
IS QUICKER THAN THE EYE"?
WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO SAY?!
CAN'T YOU SEE?
I JUST PLAYED
MY ELEMENTAL RECHARGE,
WHICH GAVE ME
A LIFE POINT BOOST.
IN FACT, I GOT A THOUSAND
FOR EVERY HERO ON THE FIELD!
[GRUMBLING]
AND AS FOR YOU...
YOUR POWER BOND
COMES WITH A PRICE,
AND IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO PAY UP WITH
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
MAKE THAT 2,800
OF 'EM! RIGHT?
THE SAME AMOUNT
AS YOUR DRAGON'S ORIGINAL
ATTACK STRENGTH!
[ROARING]
TOUGH BREAK!
AND NOW...
THINGS ARE GONNA GET TOUGHER
THANKS TO MY SPARKMAN!
[GRUMBLING]
AND NEXT,
I PLAY THIS CARD!
SPARK BLASTER!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!
THEN I'LL PLAY
MY GUARD PENALTY SPELL CARD!
NOW I CAN CHOOSE
ANY MONSTER ON THE FIELD,
AND IF IT SWITCHES
TO DEFENSE MODE,
I GET TO DRAW A CARD.
SO I THINK I'LL PICK
YOUR TWIN DRAGON!
AND WHAT DO YA KNOW?
I CAN USE MY SPARK BLASTER
TO SWITCH IT
TO DEFENSE MODE!
SO WHILE
HE'S TAKING A NAP,
I'LL DRAW A CARD!
DID YOU GET ALL THAT?
MAYBE I SHOULD
SHOW YOU AGAIN
BY SWITCHING HIM BACK
TO ATTACK MODE!
NOW THEN...HOW 'BOUT
AN INSTANT REPLAY?
BACK TO BED,
LITTLE DRAGON!
[LAUGHTER]
LOOK AT THAT, MOMMY!
THE DRAGON'S
DOING TRICKS!
Gene: IS IT ME,
OR IS THIS CROWD
LAUGHING?
CAN YA BLAME 'EM?
ASTER'S PLAYIN'
WITH THAT DRAGON LIKE
IT'S A PUP ON A LEASH!
HEAR THAT?
IT SOUNDS LIKE
THE CROWD'S ON TO YOU!
THEY KNOW YOU'RE A JOKE!
SHUT IT.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
ZANE LIKE THIS!
HE CAN'T LOSE
TO SOME KID!
HE'S MORE THAN A KID.
JUST LOOK! IN ONE ROUND,
HE'S MADE A LAUGHING STOCK
OF OUR NUMBER-ONE GRADUATE!
SEE YA, BLASTER.
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING!
DON'T FORGET, I GET
TO DRAW ONE MORE CARD.
I GOTTA TELL YA, ZANEY,
WELL, I...
THOUGHT YOU'D BE TOUGHER!
'CAUSE I'M JUST
GETTING WARMED UP!
READY?
AH!
I ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION
IN ORDER TO FORM
ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING PHOENIX ENFORCER!
OH, GREAT.
MAN ALIVE!
THAT THING'S
WAY BIGGER
THAN ANY 'A THEM
HERO GUYS IN
YOUR DECK, JADEN!
THE FUN DOESN'T
STOP THERE, ZANEY!
MY SHINING PHOENIX ENFORCER
GETS 300 POINTS FOR
EVERY HERO IN MY GRAVEYARD
FOR A GRAND TOTAL
OF 3,700 ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW...SHOW HIM
HOW YOU GOT YOUR NAME!
SHINING ENFORCEMENT!
UHH!
ALL RIGHT!
I'LL TOSS THIS FACEDOWN...
AND CALL IT A TURN!
Gene: WHAT A MOVE
BY ASTER PHOENIX!
YOU SAID IT, GENE!
AND UNLESS ZANE
PULLS A MIRACLE,
HIS PRO CAREER
MAY BE OVER!
HA HA HA!
SORRY, ASTER,
BUT THE JOKE'S ON YOU.
AND IT'S TIME
FOR THE PUNCH LINE.
MY MOVE!
I PLAY THIS!
A LITTLE CARD CALLED
POLYMERIZATION!
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL!
NEXT I'LL PLAY
CYBERNETIC FUSION!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
I LOSE HALF MY POINTS,
THEN I TAKE SOME OF
MY FUSION MONSTERS,
AND I REMOVE 'EM
FROM MY FIELD AND GRAVE.
NOW FOR THE FUN PART!
I'LL FUSE THEM TOGETHER!
TALK ABOUT
A SWEET COMEBACK!
NICE! HE JUST BOUGHT
HIMSELF A VICTORY!
MEET...
CYBER END DRAGON!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Gene: LISTEN
TO THAT CROWD!
THEIR LAUGHTER
HAS TURNED TO CHEERS
OF ADMIRATION!
YOU SAID IT, GENE!
ZANE-A-MANIA IS RUNNING WILD
HERE AT THE KAIBA DOME!
[CHEERING]
ALL RIGHT!
IT'S BEEN A BLAST, KID,
BUT ALL GOOD THINGS
COME TO AN END!
NICE KNOWIN' YA.
I GOTTA SAY...
YOU TALK A WICKED GAME,
BUT WHEN YOU DUEL
THE PROS,
I'M AFRAID TALK'S ONLY
GONNA GET YA TWO THINGS:
BEATEN AND FAST!
HUH?
WAIT!
YOUR TRAP CARD!
DESTRUCTION OF DESTINY
TO BE EXACT!
NICE TRY, ZANEY!
BUT THANKS TO MY TRAP,
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN SEND
5 CARDS TO THE GRAVEYARD!
AND I CHOOSE CLAYMAN,
BLADEDGE, WILDHEART,
BUBBLEMAN,
AND HERO SIGNAL!
OH, AND DID I MENTION
ENFORCER'S SPECIAL ABILITY?
FOR EVERY HERO CARD
IN THE GRAVEYARD,
HE GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS!
WHAT?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOUR LIL' DRAGON JUST
PICKED THE WRONG FIGHT!
GUESS WHO'S GOT
MORE POINTS NOW, ZANEY?
YOU.
CORRECT!
AND DON'T YOU FORGET IT!
Gene: UNBELIEVABLE,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
ZANE TRUESDALE HAS LOST!
[GASPING]
HISTORY HAS BEEN MADE HERE
AT THE KAIBA DOME!
[CROWD CHEERING]
HOW CAN THIS BE?
IT'S SIMPLE.
YOU CAN'T HIDE
FROM DESTINY.
HUH?
[THINKING]
WAIT A SECOND!
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YOU CAN'T HIDE
FROM DESTINY.
THE DEMON! IT'S YOU!
Syrus: I CAN'T
BELIEVE ASTER
JUST TOOK OUT
MY BROTHER!
HE CAN'T
BE BEAT.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪